[Autogenerated] so the first interaction we're going
to look at is Messi's consumption.
Very simply,
architecture might involve the consumer on that consumer
may receive messages from a broker on,
then performs on logic based on the data within them.
In order for this interaction to function is expected,
our consumer needs to listen to the correct que name.
Otherwise, it would not receive the messages.
It also needs to know what scheme of the messes payload house
in order to be able to de serialize it.
A ness is the information that we can capture in our contract so it can
guarantee that when the consumer is deployed with the rial broker,
everything will function as expected.
So what does the spring cloud contract DSL look like when we
want to capture this sort of interaction?
Well, we define a contract just is normal,
but this time it will contain slightly different data.
We first need to provide a label.
This is a unique I d.
Used to trigger the contract in the consumer side tests.
We'll go into more detail about this shortly.
We then call the output message methods.
This defines a message that will be produced by our contract.
We start with Center,
which declares a Q or channel that the message in our
contract will be sent through with them.
Provide a body which contains a message, payloads.
And finally, some meshes headers.
Once you've generated stops from our contract,
just like how we did have hates TTP, things will work slightly differently.
This is because instead of using why Mark,
we use a class called to stop trigger to test our interactions.
First of all, it's auto configured by spring cloud contract boots,
so we can just wire it into our test class without having to do any fan.
Then we can use it to trigger our stops fired a label.
The reason we have to do this is because our consumer doesn't
actually do anything itself to trigger the message.
For example, with a hasty TP contract,
the consumer makes a hasty TP request in order to
initiate the interaction in that contract.
But in the case of receiving messages, the consumer doesn't do anythin.
It's entirely up to the provider to decide to send that message.
That's why we need a stuffed trigger to manually cause a message to be
dispatched as it takes a place off this provider.
Finally, we had some assertions, which make sure once a message is received,
the consumer does, as is expected.
This could be a simple check, for example, to see if something's being possessed it.